doc: `nearcore` migration guide to 1.0.0 (#198)
near/borsh-rs: migration_guides/v0.10.2_to_v1.0.0_nearcore.md

index 912120b56..2de7a1d52 100644
--- a/core/primitives/src/transaction.rs
+++ b/core/primitives/src/transaction.rs
@@ -58,3 +58,3 @@ impl Transaction {
 )]
-#[borsh_init(init)]
+#[borsh(init=init)]
 pub struct SignedTransaction {
```

## 4. next we encounter 2 errors in `near-primitives` package similar to those in point 2.:

```bash
 1  error[E0433]: failed to resolve: could not find `maybestd` in `borsh`
    --> core/primitives/src/action/delegate.rs:119:41
     |
 119 |         fn deserialize_reader<R: borsh::maybestd::io::Read>(
     |                                         ^^^^^^^^ could not find `maybestd` in `borsh`
                                                                                             
 2  error[E0433]: failed to resolve: could not find `maybestd` in `borsh`
    --> core/primitives/src/action/delegate.rs:121:50
     |
 121 |         ) -> ::core::result::Result<Self, borsh::maybestd::io::Error> {
     |                                                  ^^^^^^^^ could not find `maybestd` i
 n `borsh`
```

As `near-primitives` crate is not supposed to be used in `no_std` context, we can

> replace import with `std::io`:

Reviewer: Let's focus only on new classes of "errors" and skip the ones that were covered earlier.

Author: It's the same class as one of above, but i specifically mentioned it with a ready recipe, as there's not much else, besides `hashbrown` and `nostd_io` in `borsh::__private` that branches on `std` support.
People also have been using `borsh::maybestd` for things, that are only available in `std`, like `std::sync::Arc`.

```diff
+#[cfg(feature = "std")]
+use std::io;
+#[cfg(not(feature = "std"))]
+use borsh::nostd_io as io;
```

 56 | pub enum ReasonForBan {                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ▐
    |          ^^^^^^^^^^^^                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ▐
```

```rust
#[derive(borsh::BorshSerialize, borsh::BorshDeserialize, Debug, Clone, PartialEq, Eq, Copy)]
pub enum ReasonForBan {
    None = 0,
    BadBlock = 1,
    BadBlockHeader = 2,
    HeightFraud = 3,
    BadHandshake = 4,
    BadBlockApproval = 5,
    Abusive = 6,
    InvalidSignature = 7,
    InvalidPeerId = 8,
    InvalidHash = 9,
    InvalidEdge = 10,
    InvalidDistanceVector = 11,
    Blacklisted = 14,
}
```

> We fix it with `#[borsh(use_discriminant=false)]` as it will result in `12u8` value for `Blacklisted` 
> variant tag, used in serialization, same as before:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We fix it with `#[borsh(use_discriminant=false)]` to preserve the behaviour of borsh before 1.0 release which serialized `ReasonForBan::Blacklisted` as 12 instead of 14 (borsh 0.10 and older [ignored explicit discriminant values in enum definitions](https://github.com/near/borsh-rs/issues/137)):
```

```diff
diff --git a/chain/network/src/types.rs b/chain/network/src/types.rs
index b2dd97c32..ea2d67f2d 100644
--- a/chain/network/src/types.rs
+++ b/chain/network/src/types.rs
@@ -55,2 +55,3 @@ pub struct KnownProducer {
 #[derive(borsh::BorshSerialize, borsh::BorshDeserialize, Debug, Clone, PartialEq, Eq, Copy)]
+#[borsh(use_discriminant=false)]
 pub enum ReasonForBan {
```

### 8. errors, similar to previous ones, in `near-network` and `near-state-viewer` packages

> There was a bunch of `borsh::maybestd` imports, which got replaced by their direct from-`std` counterparts.

Reviewer: I would merge it with #6 and move it to the end of the list.

> ### 9. at this point project compiles, but we have and issue in ci with `cargo-deny --all-features check bans`

Reviewer: I feel this is out of scope of borsh migration itself, right? I would only mention this in the PR to nearcore to simplify the review.

    │
```

`borsh-derive/Cargo.toml` has `proc-macro-crate = "1"` specified, and that somehow pulled in 
`proc-macro-crate v1.3.1` => `toml_edit v0.19.14` => `indexmap v2.0.0` => `hashbrown v0.14.0`.

Downgrading `proc-macro-crate` a bit manually resolves the check:

```bash
cargo update -p proc-macro-crate@1.3.1 --precise 1.3.0
```

```bash
cargo-deny --all-features check bans
bans ok
```

### 10. change in behaviour, unit test error in ci in `near-primitives` package

Assertion fails:

```rust
    #[test]
    fn test_delegate_action_deserialization() {
        // Expected an error. Buffer is empty
        assert_eq!(
            NonDelegateAction::try_from_slice(Vec::new().as_ref()).map_err(|e| e.kind()),
            Err(ErrorKind::InvalidInput)
        );
```

```bash
--- STDERR:              near-primitives action::delegate::tests::test_delegate_action_deserialization ---
thread 'action::delegate::tests::test_delegate_action_deserialization' panicked at 'assertion failed: `(left == right)`
  left: `Err(InvalidData)`,
 right: `Err(InvalidInput)`', core/primitives/src/action/delegate.rs:172:9
 ```

>  The `ErrorKind` in error in `borsh` hash changed, so we apply the following diff:

Reviewer: What do you mean by "hash" here?

Author: it's a typo of `has` -> `hash`
